Update engineering issue template with impact (#15720)
department-of-veterans-affairs/caseflow: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/engineering-task.md

## Description

## Impact
<!--

> Describe what completing this ticket would enable engineers to do
> 1. Complete a user story
> 2. Easier of debugging
> 3. Maintain codebase
> 4. Deliver future features quicker
> 5. Etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe what completing this ticket would enable engineers to do, such as:
- Complete a user story
- Ease debugging
- Maintain/cleanup codebase for clarity or ease of comprehension
- Deliver future features quicker
```
